All right so we have our age team now template done now what we want to do is take this and convert
it into a WordPress theme.
So I have a fresh install of Wordpress here with just the default 2016 theme.
So what we're going to do is go into the Wordpress directory go to W.P. content and then in the themes
folder I'm going to create a new folder in order to call this advanced W.P..
And there we're going to create a style
CSSA file and also an index ph file.
OK let's open the stylesheet and then we're going to put our declaration in here so that WordPress can
see the theme.
We're going to give it a name.
Theme name will be advanced W P and let's give the author
to offer you our eye
and a description
and a version
.
OK so there's our declaration.
Now I do have a screen shot as well.
So I'm going to go and add that.
Now you should have this stuff in your project files.
So what's the C-Drive I'm using amps.
So I want to go to my WDW folder and then W.P. themes content themes and then advance W.P. and just
going to go and paste this in.
OK it has to be an image called Screen Shot.
P and G.
And now if we go to the back end of word press then we get to appearance and then theme's you can see
we have the advanced W.P. theme so we're going to go ahead and activate that.
And obviously if we go to the front end reload we just have a blank white page.
All right.
So let's go into index start ph P X you know before we do that let's let's add the styles.
OK so we can go ahead and grab the CSX.
So if we open the style dot CSS from the HVM all template.
And I'm just going to grab all of that.
Copy it
and paste it right in that style sheet.
OK.
Save all that and then in the index P2P file.
What I'm going to do is copy everything from the index each team I'll file
and we're going to paste that right in there.
All right so if we save this and we go and reload the front end we're going to see all the HD mouth
Salak HD mounts not seeing the style sheet though because we don't have to go into the right place so
we want to go up here we have this link and we want to get rid of this style CSX.
And then I just opened up some peach peach tags and we want to use blague info.
And then and here we just want to put a style sheet underscore you are l.
Can I save that.
It's still not working.
Oh I misspelled.
OK.
So now the CSSA is being read.
Now all this stuff we're looking at here is this static content in the eight in the index P2P file.
It's not actually coming from WordPress yet.
So let's do a few things here.
So the best thing to do is to just start at the top and work our way down.
So we're going to go into this age team tag right here and we want to put in here the language attributes
function
and age like that.
And let's see we want the title let's get rid of this and we want to say the blog info and here we want
to put a name
can also put the character set met a tag.
So say metor char set.
You really can use that blog in full function here and just pass in char set.
All right now let's see we also want the W.P. head function here so that will save ph PWP underscore
had
a.
It looks good.
Let's also add a viewport is a metal tag and give it a name of viewport.
It will set the content attribute to width equals device with.
And let's see we want to put a comma here and then set initial scale
and scale are going to set to one point zero.
That just helps with the responsiveness of the theme.
So in the body tag we want our body class function
body class
all right now for the the logo or the heading here which is this right here this part we're going to
get rid of the static text and I'm going to say ph P blog info and here what we want is names.
So the same is where we put in the title.
And then is the tag line here.
We can also make that dynamic by saying blog info and then pasand description.
OK the search form is pretty easy.
We're going to just take this form tag and add some stuff to it.
Let's say method equals get.
And then we need an action which is where it's submitted.
And for that we're going to say ph P and we're going to use the skate u r l function and then we just
want to parents in the home you are l.
And then just pass in here a slash
A and then we want to make sure that this input.
Want to add a name attribute and just set that to s.
All right.
And that's pretty much it.
The rest would get taken care of by word press.
So let's save that and look at it so far.
OK.
So we have our logo here which is coming from WordPress same thing with the tag line search.
We can't really tested yet because we don't have any any dynamic content down here.
And I see that we have this white space here.
The reason for that is because we don't have the W.P. for our function yet which is going to put the
admin menu there.
All right so I guess we could go and add that if we go down to the bottom and we're going to go right
after the closing for our tag and we'll just say W.P. underscore footer.
All right.
And if we save that and reload nag and see we have our ADD and bar.
So let's go back up
and now will do is take care of the menu.
OK.
So let's go down here to where we have our Navman you know what we're going to do is just get rid of
this whole UL tag and all the allies and we're going to first create a variable called args and we're
going to set that to an array and then this is just arguments that that can be passed into the W.P.
nav menu function.
And we're just going to have one for now which is going to be the location of the menu.
So we'll say theme location.
And we're going to set that to primary.
All right.
Now down here
we're going to call W.P. underscore the Nav. underscore menu and then we just want to pass in args.
OK so if we go on look at it it is working here but we do want to specify in our functions file the
the different menus different many positions in our theme and we're going to have to.
So let's go and create a new file.
We're going to save it as functions DHP and we're going to set a function for theme support
so save function and let's call this say a DVD is a prefix and then team support.
OK.
So all of our custom functions will have the EDV prefix.
OK now we want to register them now when I use it.
We're going to pass in an array
and we'll put our different positions here so that we have the primary and we can pass that to a readable
name so we'll say primary the menu and then we're going to have another one in the footer and just going
to put that.
Get that out of the way for now
.
All right.
And then underneath the function we're going to say add action.
And in here we want to say after set up theme
and then the function we want to run is a divi underscore theme's support.
All right let's save that reload.
OK so our menu is now here.
If we click on it you'll see the change.
Now you won't see any content change because this is all still just static h T.M..
All right but we do have our menu now by default every page that we have is going to show up here.
All right now your pages might actually be different.
You probably don't have our team because I just I did a little bit of work on this WordPress site earlier
so your links may be a little different.
All right now what we can do is if you look under appearance we didn't have a menu option but since
we added this to the functions file if we reload now you have a menu link.
Click on that and you'll see that down here in the locations we have primary and Forder because we added
it in the functions file.
So what we'll do is let's check primary in for menu name.
Let's just say main menu and you can put whatever pages you like.
We're going to put a blog is going to put them all actually just to show you that we we don't have to
have them all leave one unchecked leave RTU unchecked and then save menu.
But I'm sorry you need to click this ad to menu and then save menu.
And now we go to the front end you see we only have about in sample page.
Now I'm going to do is just create a couple pages just so you have the same pages as I do.
So we have an About page which just says this is the about page in our team page now for this I actually
want to choose the parent of about.
OK we'll update that.
And then let's create a new page and we're going to call this fake hue.
OK and this is also going to have the parent of about and you'll see why we're doing this later on.
And then let's see we'll create another page called services
and that's not going to have a parent.
All right.
And let's add services to the menu.
OK.
I'm not going to add AFAIK you or our team just yet.
OK I'm going to show you how we can use sub menus.
We're going to do that later on.
So let's go ahead and save that.
And then your menu should look like this.
All right so we're going to go ahead and stop here we have the now by Don we have the head or done the
search box and all of our styles.
So when the next video we'll move on and we'll start to create our main blog post loop and we'll go